//
// Copyright Siemens AG, 2021. Part of the SW360 Portal Project.
//
// This program and the accompanying materials are made
// available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0
// which is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/
//
// SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0
//

[[resources-clearingRequest]]
=== ClearingRequest

The ClearingRequest resource is used to get and list the clearing requests


[[resources-clearingRequest-by-id]]
==== Get clearingRequest by id

A `GET` request will display the ClearingRequest by id

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequest/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequest/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequest/http-response.adoc[]


[[resources-clearingRequest-by-project-id]]
==== Get clearingRequest by project id

A `GET` request will display the ClearingRequest based on the project id

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequest_by_projectid/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequest_by_projectid/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequest_by_projectid/http-response.adoc[]


[[resources-clearingRequests]]
==== List all clearingRequest

A `GET` request will list all the Clearing Requests visible to the user

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequests/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequests/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequests/http-response.adoc[]


[[resources-clearingRequest-by-state]]
==== List all clearingRequest by clearing state

A `GET` request will list all the Clearing Requests visible to the user based on the clearing state

===== Request parameter
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequests_by_state/query-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequests_by_state/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequests_by_state/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_clearingrequests_by_state/http-response.adoc[]


[[resources-comments-list]]
==== Listing comments for a clearing request

A `GET` request will list all comments associated with a specific clearing request.

===== Request parameter
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_comments_by_clearing_request_id/query-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_comments_by_clearing_request_id/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_comments_by_clearing_request_id/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_comments_by_clearing_request_id/http-response.adoc[]
[[resources-add-comment-to-clearingrequest]]
==== Add a new comment to a clearing request

A `POST` request will add a new comment to a specific clearing request.

===== Request Parameters

include::{snippets}/should_document_add_comment_to_clearingrequest/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Request Example

include::{snippets}/should_document_add_comment_to_clearingrequest/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Response Structure

include::{snippets}/should_document_add_comment_to_clearingrequest/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Response Example

include::{snippets}/should_document_add_comment_to_clearingrequest/http-response.adoc[]


[[resources-clearingRequest-update]]
==== Update a clearingRequest

A `PATCH` request is used to update an existing clearingRequest

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_patch_clearingrequest/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_patch_clearingrequest/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_patch_clearingrequest/http-response.adoc[]

