//
// Copyright Siemens AG, 2017. Part of the SW360 Portal Project.
//
// This program and the accompanying materials are made
// available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0
// which is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/
//
// SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0
//

[[resources-users]]
=== Users

The Users resource is used to get and list users.


[[resources-users-list]]
==== Listing users

A `GET` request will list all of the service's users.

===== Request parameter
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_users/query-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_users/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_users/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_users/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_users/links.adoc[]


[[resources-user-get]]
==== Get a single user

A `GET` request will get a single user.

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_user/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_user/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_user/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_user/links.adoc[]


[[resources-users-create]]
==== Creating a user

A `POST` request will create a user(not in Liferay).

===== Request structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_user/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_user/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_user/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_user/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-user-get-profile]]
==== Get requesting user's profile

A `GET` request will get requesting user's profile.

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_user_profile/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_user_profile/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_user_profile/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-user-update-profile]]
==== Update requesting user's profile

A `PATCH` request will update requesting user's profile.

===== Request structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_user_profile/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_user_profile/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_user_profile/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_user_profile/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-user-token-get]]
==== List all of rest api tokens of current user.

A `GET` request will list all of rest api tokens of current user.

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_list_all_user_tokens/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_list_all_user_tokens/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_list_all_user_tokens/http-response.adoc[]


[[resources-user-token-create]]
==== Create a new rest api token for current user.

A `POST` request will create a new rest api token for current user.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_user_token/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_user_token/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-user-token-delete]]
==== Delete rest api token for current user by token's name.

A `DELETE` request will delete rest api token for current user by token's name

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_revoke_user_token/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_revoke_user_token/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-user-get-grouplist]]
==== Fetch group list for a user.

A `GET` request help to fetch the list of group for a particular user.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_grouplist/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_grouplist/http-response.adoc[]
