//
// Copyright Siemens AG, 2017. Part of the SW360 Portal Project.
//
// This program and the accompanying materials are made
// available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0
// which is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/
//
// SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0
//

[[resources-vendors]]
=== Vendors

The Vendors resource is used to create and list vendors.


[[resources-vendors-list]]
==== Listing vendors

A `GET` request will list all of the service's vendors.

===== Request parameter
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendors/query-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendors/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendors/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendors/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendors/links.adoc[]


[[resources-vendor-get]]
==== Get a single vendor

A `GET` request will get a single vendor.

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendor/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendor/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendor/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendor/links.adoc[]

[[resources-vendor-get-releases]]
==== Get vendor releases

A `GET` request will list the releases used by the vendor.

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendor_releases/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendor_releases/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendor_releases/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_vendor_releases/links.adoc[]

[[resources-vendor-delete]]
==== Delete a vendor

A `DELETE` request will delete vendor by id.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_delete_vendor/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_delete_vendor/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-vendor-create]]
==== Creating a vendor

A `POST` request is used to create a vendor.

===== Request structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_vendor/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_vendor/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_vendor/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_vendor/links.adoc[]

[[resources-vendor-update]]
==== Updating a vendor

A `PATCH` request is used to update a vendor.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_vendor/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_vendor/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-vendor-export]]
==== Export vendor list

A `GET` request will export the vendor list.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_export_vendor/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_export_vendor/http-response.adoc[]
